document new behavior(vercel, netlify): edge middleware verification (#6786)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/netlify.mdx

});
```

> When `edgeMiddleware` is enabled, an edge function will execute your middleware code for all requests for static assets, prerendered pages, and on-demand rendered pages. For on-demand rendered pages, the locals are serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `edgeMiddleware` is enabled, an edge function will execute your middleware code for all requests including static assets, prerendered pages, and on-demand rendered pages.

For on-demand rendered pages, the locals are serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.
```
- two paragraphs for readability

- slight tweak that DOES change the nuance (if correct, I like this better. If not correct, pls ignore): 

My version emphasizes the ALL-ness of it. If the main point is to emphasize that even your prerendered/static stuff is executed by the function, like everything, even non-SSR stuff, this slight change does that more explicitly. Your choice! Obviously do not change if the above *was* an exhaustive list of "these are the only things, out of many more possible things". But, if it's everything, I kind of like hitting that a little harder, because the sentence on its own doesn't tell you which is the case. Your call!

Author: It's accurate and much better to read, thanks!

});
```

When `edgeMiddleware` is enabled, an edge function will execute your middleware code for all requests including static assets, prerendered pages, and on-demand rendered pages.

> For on-demand rendered pages, the locals are serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For on-demand rendered pages, the data in `locals` is serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.
```
Would this be a correct way to say it? Rather than saying "the locals", which sounds a bit odd to me?  (Again, whatever change you make here, make in the Vercel file too.)

Author: `context.locals` comes across as the clearest to me.

> For on-demand rendered pages, `context.locals` are serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For on-demand rendered pages, `context.locals` is serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.
```

Happy with that, but I think *singular* sounds better? "`context.locals` *is* serialized", since it's one data object, right? If so, you know the drill. Both places! lol

Author: ```suggestion
For on-demand rendered pages, the `context.locals` obect is serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.
```
Yeah, it does.

> For on-demand rendered pages, the `context.locals` obect is serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For on-demand rendered pages, the `context.locals` object is serialized using JSON and sent in a header for the serverless function, which performs the rendering. As a security measure, the serverless function will refuse to serve requests with a `403 Forbidden` response unless they come from the generated edge function.
```
THIS PR WILL NEVER END lol

Author: omg
